That's Dexter's number. How did you call me?
You win!
I'm a round troublemaker.
If I lose my job, I won't be able to buy you any more toy cars.
It's a five-day business.
Did you make arrangements with your family?
Yes, I did.
Thank you for asking, sir. And how's your family?
I'm divorcing my wife.
Yikes.
Seems like we're both going through it.
He's been working non-stop to distract himself, but he's probably heartbroken.
By the way, you can call me Dexter.
I consider us friends.
Oh.
Yeah, okay.
Dexter, it is.
No, it's nice to meet you.
Great meeting you.
I do have a lot of priorities at the moment.
Booked up until next month, so...
Understandable?
I'd like to have my assistant contact yours.
My assistant's around me at all times.
Okay.
So, it'd be no problem.
And she's very helpful with my business.
Andrew Miller is a friend, so I'm sure the deal will be very lucrative.
Hmm.
I'll bring it up in the next meeting.
Okay.
Sounds good.
I'm at the border side, but I can't guarantee anything.
But anything can happen, right?
Look, if I close to this deal, would you let me back in the HQ?
If you behave, HR will report to me.
That's all I needed to hear.
Cheers.
I'm sure you'll change your mind after you sleep with me.
Stop fighting, Dexter.
Get off me, Eugene.
I love you.
Help you.
What the hell are you doing?
Stay out of it.
You're just an assistant.
Get away from him.
Oh.
Hit the road, Regina.
Oh, yeah.
Never step another foot in our HQ for as long as I'm alive.
Oh.
You're burning up.
Take me back to my room.